[ADD] accounting: add new doc about fiscal localization packages (#649)
odoo/documentation-user: accounting/fiscal_localizations/overview/fiscal_localization_packages.rst

============================
Fiscal Localization Packages
============================

**Fiscal Localization Packages** are country-specific modules that install pre-configured taxes,
fiscal positions, chart of accounts, and legal statements on your database. Some additional features,
such as the configuration of specific certificates, are also added to your Accounting app, following
your fiscal administration requirements.

.. note::
   Odoo continuously adds new localizations and improves the existing packages.

Configuration
=============

> Odoo automatically installs the appropriate package for your company, according to the country
> selected at the creation of the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Odoo automatically installs the appropriate package(s) for your company, according to the country
selected at the creation of the database.
```

Reviewer: Just a detail but, based on the following paragraph, I think it can be useful to already open the possibility to have several packages.

Author: In this case, Odoo only installs one package when you create a new database, so I'll leave it singular. But well spotted! I appreciate the attention to such details :D respect++

Reviewer: Hmm, ok, I didn't know.
But you confirm that you can install new packages later? No limit in the number of packages?

.. important::
   As long as you haven't posted any entry, you can still add and select another package.

To install a new package, go to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Fiscal
Localization`, click on **Install More Packages**, and install your country's module.

.. image:: media/fiscal_localization_packages_modules.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Install the appropriate module as fiscal localization package in Odoo Accounting.

Once done, select your country's package, and click on *Save*.

.. image:: media/fiscal_localization_packages_selection.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Select your country's fiscal localization package in Odoo Accounting.

Use
===

> These packages require you to fine-tune your chart of accounts according to your needs, activate the
> taxes you use and configure your country-specific statements and certifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These packages require you to fine-tune your chart of accounts according to your needs, activate the
taxes you use, and configure your country-specific statements and certifications.
```

> Please refer to the documentation listed in the *see also* section for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the documentation listed below for more information.
```

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`../../overview/getting_started/chart_of_accounts`
   - :doc:`../../fiscality/taxes/create`

> .. todo:: update list of linked docs, and link with the future one about country-specific statements.

Reviewer: Don't forget to do it! :smile: :laughing:

Author: This one is for a later doc that I still have to write. So I'll just run a search in my folder to find any  :todo: to do 👍

Reviewer: Haha, I know that you will do it, it's just that I found it funny to remind you to not forget to do something you specified as "todo"
